So as it is, I don't really like this bold instead of bold here, let's say just light.
I think this it's better.
This refresh or quick.
It's much better.
OK, very good.
So the other thing we can do, of course, to remember, was still inside of just a text.
Right?
So if you click here, the text ends here, it means here we can still pass, say, a modifier if you
wanted to and say modifier padding one two padding of about six TATP.
So all around, it's going to be 60p padding.
All right.
Very good.
So once we've done this with adding the text, that first text here still inside here, it can add a
divider.
OK.
And then I'm going to add another text.
In this case, I'm just going to add director and it's going to be a movie.
Director.
Give us style.
Caption, a search going to copy that a few times over and the next is going to be.
Actors.
Get actors.
And then last one for now.
You know, pass rating and we're going to get the rating in such.
All right, let's see it, click.
Voila!
He can see there is the plot.
We have that fighter there and director and so forth.
So it's really, really nice.
And of course, you can spend more time making it look more beautiful, but this looks really good.
So I can what I can do.
Also, it's gave a little bit of space padding at the top there, so you now are divider.
If I have over, let's put a modifier here.
They say padding.
Much, much better, I like that.
OK, let's see if we can run this on a device or emulator.
OK.
Let's see.
Click.
My line looks really good.
And I can't go to another movie.
And it's looking really good.
So what we want to do next?
Well, we're going to work on the details screen here.
So as an exercise, I want you to see how can we then get all of the information about this movie?
Click we're getting the idea of the movie.
So what do you need to do?
I'll give you a hint here is to filter through the movie.
This list of movie get movies filter through until you find something.
Until you find a movie from release that contains that ad, which, Heidi, it's going to be this ID
that we see.
Actually, that we see here.
Because that's been passed onto the screen so you can use the filter to filter through the list of movies
to find this particular movie and then get information about that movie.
I had to spend some time trying to figure that out, and I'll see you in a nice video.